1. Suppose I define the following function in Rcube <- function(x, n) {        x^3}What is the result of cube(3) - 272. The following code will produce a warning in R. x <- 1:10if(x > 5) {        x <- 0}Why? You cannot set 'x' to be 0 because 'x' is a vector and 0 is a scalar. The syntax of this R expression is incorrect. There are no elements in 'x' that are greater than 5 The expression uses curly braces. 'x' is a vector of length 10 and 'if' can only test a single logical statement.3. Consider the following functionf <- function(x) {        g <- function(y) {                y + z        }        z <- 4        x + g(x)}If I then run in Rz <- 10f(3)What value is returned? 104. Consider the following expression:x <- 5y <- if(x < 3) {        NA} else {        10}What is the value of 'y' after evaluating this expression? 105. Consider the following R functionh <- function(x, y = NULL, d = 3L) {        z <- cbind(x, d)        if(!is.null(y))                z <- z + y        else                z <- z + f        g <- x + y / z        if(d == 3L)                return(g)        g <- g + 10        g}Which symbol in the above function is a free variable? - f  z d L g6. What is an environment in R? a special type of function - a collection of symbol/value pairs a list whose elements are all functions an R package that only contains data7. The R language uses what type of scoping rule for resolving free variables? - lexical scoping global scoping dynamic scoping compilation scoping8. How are free variables in R functions resolved? The values of free variables are searched for in the working directory The values of free variables are searched for in the environment in which the function was called The values of free variables are searched for in the global environment - The values of free variables are searched for in the environment in which the function was defined9. What is one of the consequences of the scoping rules used in R? R objects cannot be larger than 100 MB All objects can be stored on the disk Functions cannot be nested - All objects must be stored in memory10. In R, what is the parent frame? It is the package search list It is always the global environment It is the environment in which a function was defined - It is the environment in which a function was called 
